# Split-Bill
SplitBill This is a website that helps people to split bills in a large group! One of the biggest tasks after coming back from a trip is how to settle finances among the group members. With this website,easy and proper distribution of finances is just a step away!  It tells you who owes whom and how to settle debts in group!!  Technologies Used HTML CSS Javascript Working The working of the website is very easy and user-friendly. First, enter the total number of people in a group and optionally, give a name to the trip! After clicking on the "Go!" button, user has to fill in the contributions of each member of the group If a member has more than 1 contribution, the "+" button allows the user to add more fields and fill in contributions. After filling all the contributions of all members, just click the "Calculate" button and the amount to be paid will be shown!! Features The "Calculate" button is such a way that it will always be on the screen irrespective of number of people in the group. Trying to delete the first field of each person will result in an alert from the page. This ensures that not all fields are removed. CSS effects have been added so that each field and button gets highlighted when its been hovered upon. There are minimum values set wherever necessary so that the user can't put in negative values. Certain fields which are essential to the final calculation have been marked as "Required". Submission without filling these fields result in an alert from the page which asks the user to complete all incomplete fields. Preview &amp; Snapshots of the webpage First Page  First Page before submitting  Calculation Page  Working of the "+" and "-" button  How to enter data  Final Display
